---
layout: post
title: Going to AIAA SciTech 2021
subtitle:
categories: news
description:
summary: |-
    Six papers in total.
author: "Daning Huang"
published: true
sidebar:  true
link-new-tab: true
hide_footer: true
tags: Publication
---

For the coming AIAA SciTech 2021 conference we are able to complete and submit six papers spanning over a range of research fields, with our collaborators. Here are the summaries:

Numerical Investigation of Fluid-Thermal-Structural Interaction for a Control Surface in Hypersonic Flow
+ Aravinth Sadagopan, Daning Huang, Haosen H. A. Xu, [Xiang I. A. Yang](https://sites.psu.edu/fpcrl/)
+ We studied the coupling between the **thermoelastic response** and **shock wave/boundary layer interaction** over a cone-slice-wedge configuration in hypersonic flow, using a RANS/LES-based FTSI toolchain.
+ [Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RemyKZuQR_LYqEJ3Pazh0mlSq70sMHZg/view?usp=sharing) are the 10-min slides for this paper.

Expedient Hypersonic Aerothermal Prediction for Aerothermoelastic Analysis Via Field Inversion and Machine Learning
+ Carlos Vargas Venegas, Daning Huang
+ We explored the possibility of using the **data-driven model discovery** technique to develop the “next-generation” **aerothermal model** for fluid-thermal-structural interaction analysis. And the initial results look rather promising!
+ [Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/19NXpDTEeNCDD0TNHumGMJNviT_F8yZdR/view?usp=sharing) are the 10-min slides for this paper.

Assessment of High-Temperature Effects on Hypersonic Aerothermoelastic Analysis using Multi-Fidelity Multi-Variate Surrogates
+ Aravinth Sadagopan, Daning Huang, Ümran Düzel, Martin E. Liza, [Kyle M. Hanquist](https://chanl.arizona.edu/)
+ With our collaborators from U. of Arizona, we explored the impact of **high-temperature effects** on aerothermoelastic responses using a new kind of aerothermal surrogate based on **multi-fidelity Gaussian process regression**.
+ [Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14gp6TiOf79DDmlJnSyoq1manPbtqLbS8/view?usp=sharing) are the 10-min slides for this paper.
+ We the same group of people have also published another paper on JANNAF 2020, with an emphasis on the high-temperature side.

Hypersonic Trajectory Optimization with High-Fidelity Aerothermodynamic Models
+ Brian Coulter, [Zhenbo Wang](http://volweb.utk.edu/~zwang124/resume.html), Daning Huang, etc.
+ With our collaborators from U. of Tennessee, Knoxville, we explored the possibility of incorporating **higher-fidelity aerothermal models** into the **flight trajectory optimizations** of hypersonic vehicles. The results look promising and we could go for even higher fidelity.

Sparse Nonlinear System Identification for Hypersonic Aerothermoelastic Analysis with Stochastic Loads
+ Damien Guého, [Puneet Singla](https://cass.psu.edu/), Daning Huang
+ A unified and automatic framework was developed to **discover governing equations** underlying an unknown dynamical system from data measurements, and this technique is applied to develop *thermoelastic reduced-order models* in various aerothermoelastic problems.

Time-varying Linear Reduced Order Model for Hypersonic Aerothermoelastic Analysis
+ Damien Guého, Puneet Singla, Daning Huang
+ A twin of the paper above: The Time-Varying Eigensystem Realization Algorithm (TVERA) is used to identify a **linear time varying** (LTV) model from **high-fidelity aerothermoelastic** solutions with guaranteed observability.