---
layout: post
title: Introducing new CAV group on AI/ML
subtitle:
categories: news
description:
summary: |-
    of the Center for Acoustics and Vibration.
author: "Daning Huang"
published: true
sidebar:  true
link-new-tab: true
hide_footer: true
tags: Seminar
---

On Feb. 23 Dr. Huang delivered a seminar at the Center for Acoustics and Vibration (CAV). It is the kicking off event for the new Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technical group at the CAV, co-led by Dr. Huang (daning_at_psu_dot_edu) and Dr. Karl Reichard (kmr5_at_psu_dot_edu).

The seminar video is available [here](https://psu.zoom.us/rec/share/MobZ6T3TwMzsIAzvCuaZXuNTgN9TZwLPlim3CP1HEA3cZfTJWaT-tASd8pzACsLr.RTFsLLwjbemDRwvr?startTime=1614099811000).

More information on the group is available on [the CAV website](https://www.cav.psu.edu/research/technical-groups/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning.aspx). We are actively recruiting group members (faculty and students) who are working on AI/ML for applications in acoustics and vibration. If you are interested, please send us (Daning and Karl) an email!

**More on the group**

The mission of the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Technical Group is to explore and leverage applications of AI and ML in all areas of acoustics and vibration. The overarching goal of the group is to solve traditionally challenging problems in acoustics and vibration, particularly involving sensing, prediction, estimation, and control, in realistic industrial scenarios. The methodology of AI and ML ranges from the conventional supervised and unsupervised learning, to the more sophisticated operator-theoretic and information-theoretic methods, and to active, transferrable and explainable learning.

**Research Topics**
+ Reduced-order modeling of multidisciplinary dynamical systems
+ Data-augmented design and optimization of complex mechanical systems
+ Feature engineering and extraction, representation, and mining of big measurement data sets
+ Multi-fidelity multi-variate information fusion and predictive inference
+ Data-driven predictive analytics and decision making
+ Classification and pattern recognition
