---
layout: post
title: CAV seminar by Dr. Romit Maulik from IST
subtitle: The Research Program of the Interdisciplinary Scientific Computing Laboratory
categories: news
description:
summary: |-
    Scientific machine learning.
author: "Daning Huang"
published: true
sidebar:  true
link-new-tab: true
hide_footer: true
tags: Seminar
---

We hosted [Dr. Romit Maulik](https://romit-maulik.github.io/) from IST/ICDS of PSU for a [CAV talk](https://www.cav.psu.edu/resources/seminar-archive.aspx) via the AI/ML technical group.  Dr. Maulik is an expert in scientific machine learning.

**Abstract**  The talk gives a high-level overview of several projects underway at the Interdisciplinary Scientific Computing Laboratory (ISCL) at Pennsylvania State University. ISCL is housed in the School of Information Science and Technology and performs research in scientific machine learning (SciML) with applications to various domain sciences. Our research program sits at the intersection of machine learning, high-performance computing, and computational science and engineering while being motivated by grand challenge problems in different domains. Some of the research areas investigated in ISCL include novel methods for physics-informed surrogate modeling, multimodal data and model fusion, interpretable machine learning for scientific computing, and scientific reinforcement learning for controlling simulations. Furthermore, ISCL is also devoted to the development of scalable and reproducible methods for machine learning that may interface with legacy computing workflows. The presented talk will be free-form and interactive, with the speaker taking requests from the audience for deep-dives into specific research themes to enable future collaborations.
