---
layout: post
title: SciTech 2024, Special Session on Operator-Theoretic Methods for Reduced-Order Modeling
subtitle:
categories: news
description:
summary: For structural dynamics and aeroelasticity
author: "Daning Huang"
published: true
sidebar:  true
link-new-tab: true
hide_footer: true
tags: Publication
---

For the coming AIAA SciTech 2024, the Structural Dynamics Technical Committee is organizing a special session **"Operator-Theoretic Methods for Reduced-Order Modeling in Structural Dynamics and Aeroelasticity"**

The session will focus on the operator-theoretic reduced-order modeling (OTROM) methods based on the Koopman theory for the aeroelastic modeling of nonlinear structures and the application of these methods to different systems: from small unmanned aerial vehicles to rockets, across broad flight regimes (subsonic to hypersonic), where aeroelasticity has significant interactions with controllers, propulsion, materials, and thermal effects. The uniqueness of operator-theoretic methods is to transform a nonlinear controlled system to a linear one without introducing errors, which opens up a new venue for efficient and robust aeroelastic and aeroservoelastic modeling and analysis of modern aircraft. Potential topics of study include the model-based and data-driven methods for generating OTROM’s, the analysis of OTROM’s for system stability, controllability, and observability, as well as the application of OTROMs to the aforementioned scenarios. Investigation on the parametrization of OTROM for different flight conditions and aircraft configurations is of particular interest. This special session will serve as a forum for multidisciplinary researchers from structural dynamics, fluid dynamics, and dynamics and control to disseminate the latest innovations in these domains. The committee welcomes submissions from industry, government, academia, and small businesses.

Make sure to select the specific topic option under **"Structural Dynamics"** during submission.

This session is co-organized by Dr. Daning Huang and Dr. Yi Wang ([iMSEL, University of South Carolina](https://research.cec.sc.edu/wang)).